12. **Li, Y.**, Guan, K., Peng, B., Franz, T. E., Wardlow, B., Pan, M. 2020. Quantifying irrigation cooling benefits to maize yield in the US Midwest. Global Change Biology, 1–14
11. **Li, Y.**, Guan, K., Schnitkey, D. G., DeLucia, E., Peng, B. 2019. Excessive rainfall leads to maize yield loss of a comparable magnitude to extreme drought in the United States. Global Change Biology, 25, 2325–2337
10. **Li, Y.**, Guan, K., Yu, A., Peng, B., Zhao, L., Li, B., Peng, J., 2019. Toward building a transparent statistical model for improving crop yield prediction: Modeling rainfed corn in the U.S. Field Crops Research, 234, 55–65
9. **Li, Y.**, Kalnay, E., Motesharrei, S., Rivas, J., Kucharski, F., Kirk-Davidoff, D., Bach,E., Zeng, N., 2018. Climate model shows large-scale wind and solar farms in the Sahara increase rain and vegetation. Science. 361, 1019–1022
8.  **Yan Li**, Damien Sulla-menash, Safa Motesharrei, Xiao-Peng Song, Qing Ying, Shuangcheng Li, and Zongwen Ma. Inconsistent estimates of forest cover change in China between 2000 and 2013 from multiple datasets: differences in parameters, spatial resolution, and definitions. *Sci. Rep.* **7**, 1–12 (2017). [doi:10.1038/s41598-017-07732-5](doi:10.1038/s41598-017-07732-5) 
7.  Bojie Fu and **Yan Li**. Bidirectional coupling between the earth and human systems is essential for modeling sustainability. National Science Review, 3(4):397–398, 2016
6.  **Yan Li**, Maosheng Zhao, David J. Mildrexler, Safa Motesharrei, Qiaozhen Mu, Eugenia Kalnay, Fang Zhao, Shuangcheng Li, and Kaicun Wang. Potential and Actual impacts of deforestation and afforestation on land surface temperature. Journal of Geophysical Research: Atmospheres, 121(24):14,372–14,386, 2016
5.  **Yan Li**, Nathalie De Noblet-Ducoudr ́e, Edouard L. Davin, Safa Motesharrei, Ning Zeng, Shuangcheng Li, and Eugenia Kalnay. The role of spatial scale and background climate inthe latitudinal temperature response to deforestation. Earth System Dynamics, 7(1):167–181
4.  **Yan Li**, Maosheng Zhao, Safa Motesharrei, Qiaozhen Mu, Eugenia Kalnay, and ShuangchengLi. Local cooling and warming effects of forests based on satellite observations. Nature Communications, 6:6603, mar 2015
3.  Ya Liu, **Yan Li**, Shuangcheng Li, and Safa Motesharrei. Spatial and Temporal Patternsof Global NDVI Trends: Correlations with Climate and Human Factors. Remote Sensing,7(10):13233–13250, oct 2015
2.  **Yan Li**, Lijuan Zhu, Xinyi Zhao, Shuangcheng Li, and Yan Yan. Urbanization Impact onTemperature Change in China with Emphasis on Land Cover Change and Human Activity.Journal of Climate, 26(22):8765–8780
1.  **Yan Li**, X. Zhao, An empirical study of the impact of human activity on long-term temperature change in China : A perspective from energy consumption. *J. Geophys. Res.* **117**, 1–12 (2012). [Link](http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1029/2012JD018132/abstract)

